auto-docs: Update @redpanda-data/docs-extensions-and-macros (#1684)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/deploy/deployment-option/cloud/create-byoc-cluster-gcp.mdx

11. Click **Next**.

    The **Networking** page opens.
12. Under **Choose Connection Type**, select either **Public** or **Private**. For BYOC clusters, **Private** is best-practice.

> Your network name will be used in the Redpanda UI to identify this network. For a CIDR range, choose one that does not overlap with your existing GCP VPCs or your Redpanda network. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your network name is used in the Redpanda UI to identify this network. Choose a CIDR range that does not overlap with your existing GCP VPCs or your Redpanda network. 
```
@ivpanda Should this be AWS here, instead of GCP?

11. Click **Next**.

    The **Networking** page opens.
12. Under **Choose Connection Type**, select either **Public** or **Private**. For BYOC clusters, **Private** is best-practice.

> 13. Your network name will be used in the Redpanda UI to identify this network.
> 14. For a CIDR range, choose one that does not overlap with your existing GCP VPCs or your Redpanda network. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your network name will be used in the Redpanda UI to identify this network. For a CIDR range, choose one that does not overlap with your existing GCP VPCs or your Redpanda network. 
```

  --redpanda-id='...' 
  --project-id='...'
```

> ## VPC Peering 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next steps
```

> To start sending data to the Redpanda cluster, you must configure the VPC network connection by connecting your Redpanda VPC to your existing GCP VPC. To do so, see [Create a VPC Peering Connection to a GCP BYOC Cluster](vpc-peering-gcp.mdx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Create a VPC Peering Connection to a GCP BYOC Cluster](vpc-peering-gcp.mdx)
```

Reviewer 3: Philosophically, why is all of this extra context removed? @micheleRP

Reviewer: On other pages in the doc set, where one task leads into another task, we have a **Next steps** section at the bottom. So I moved this content here into the intro to those VPC peering connection pages. Do you think it's important to keep that context on this page?

  --redpanda-id='...' 
  --project-id='...'
```

## VPC Peering 

> In order to start sending data to the Redpanda cluster, the networking process has to be completed. Your Redpanda VPC must be networked to your existing GCP VPC. To do that, continue to the next step of BYOC setup: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start sending data to the Redpanda cluster, you must configure the VPC network connection. You must connect your Redpanda VPC to your existing GCP VPC. To do so, see [Create a VPC peering connection to a GCP BYOC cluster](vpc-peering-gcp.mdx)
```

> * [VPC peering a GCP BYOC cluster](vpc-peering-gcp.mdx)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
